[Doc] 3.9.0 release (#5514)
percona/pmm: documentation/docs/release-notes/3.9.0.md

- [PMM-15139](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/PMM-15139): PMM no longer ships a provisioned PostgreSQL datasource. Viewer-role users could use it to run arbitrary SQL against PMM's internal database. You can still [add the datasource manually](../admin/security/index.md#postgresql-datasource) if you need it.
- [PMM-14076](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/PMM-14076): Added four new panels to the **PostgreSQL Top Queries** dashboard to help you identify queries causing high CPU, memory, and I/O pressure: **Top 10 CPU Intensive Queries** (requires `pg_stat_monitor`), **Top 10 Memory Intensive Queries**, **Top 10 Queries by I/O Wait** (requires `track_io_timing = on`), and **Top 10 Queries by Shared Block Reads** as a sequential scan indicator.
- [PMM-14969](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/PMM-14969): Removed the UI-based upgrade functionality and Watchtower from PMM Server. PMM Server must be upgraded via CLI or container runtime.

> - [PMM-15246](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/PMM-15246): MongoDB diagnostic data histograms are now disabled by default to reduce `mongodb_exporter` memory usage. If you were relying on these metrics, enable them explicitly with `--enable-diagnostic-data-histograms` when adding or updating a MongoDB service. You must set this option separately, as `--enable-all-collectors` does not include it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [PMM-15246](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/PMM-15246): MongoDB diagnostic data histograms are now disabled due to performance issues. The next PMM release will add a new flag to force-enable them.
```

- [PMM-15050](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/PMM-15050): Large PMM deployments could not be restarted or upgraded without causing a flood of buffered data from reconnecting agents, overwhelming the server. You can now control the ingestion rate by setting the `VM_maxIngestionRate` environment variable on PMM Server.
- [PMM-14971](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/PMM-14971): After changing a user's password, the left navigation menu remained visible on the login page instead of PMM redirecting you to a full-screen login page. This is now fixed.

- [PMM-14947](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/PMM-14947): Typing in the search filter on the **Nodes** or **Services** page caused records to flicker and the page to become unresponsive. This is now fixed.
- [PMM-14885](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/PMM-14885): The **Replicas** panel in the [PostgreSQL Replication Overview](../reference/dashboards/dashboard-postgresql-replication.md) dashboard showed no data due to an invalid query. This is now fixed.

> - [PMM-14734](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/PMM-14734): The HA status badge in the navigation always showed **Healthy** even when nodes were down. It now correctly shows **Degraded**, **Critical**, or **Down** based on the actual number of available nodes.

Reviewer 2: It now correctly shows - Healthy, Degraded, Critical, Unreachable
Note - there is no "Down" status
